okay we're on the knobby - and I'm going
to show you how to do a soft factory
reset in the parent mode so you're going
to enter in the parent mode then you're
going to open up settings tap in the
time twice his settings and then you're
going to scroll down to backup and reset
and then do factory reset factory data
reset reset tablet erase everything then
that will power off
and that's going to power back on
there's the Navi initializing software
screen this is going to take about five
minutes once it completes it's going to
open up your welcome screen where you
can sign in if you want to create a
whole new account then you'll have the
option of creating a new account that's
all you'll do thanks